Update data-service.adoc (#2357)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/learn/pages/services-and-indexes/services/data-service.adoc

The expiry pager runs every 10 minutes by default: for information on changing the interval, see `cbepctl` xref:cli:cbepctl/set-flush_param.adoc[set flush_param].
For more information on item-deletion and tombstones, see xref:data/expiration.adoc[Expiration].
 ** *Batch Reader*: Enhances performance by combining changes made to multiple items into _batches_, which are placed on the disk queue, to be written to disk.

> * *Scheduler*: A pool of threads maintained for handling I/O.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Scheduler*: A pool of threads mainly used for handling I/O.
```
